---
layout: post
title: This Is a Test
category: journal
tags: [work, html, email]
---

Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Mr. Crusher, ready a <a href="#">collision course</a> with the Borg ship. Your shields were failing, sir. This should be interesting. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns.

Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. Travel time to the nearest starbase? Computer, lights up! You enjoyed that. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers. They were just sucked into space. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir.

## Heading Number 2 ##

Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Your shields were failing, sir. This should be interesting. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. Travel time to the nearest starbase? Computer, lights up! You enjoyed that. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers. They were just sucked into space. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir.

<div class="note d3-d5">
    <p>Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship.</p>
</div>

## Heading Number 3 ##

Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Your shields were failing, sir. This should be interesting. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Worf, It's better than music.

It's jazz. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked.

<div class="note alt d3-d5">
    <p>Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship.</p>
</div>

Travel time to the nearest starbase? Computer, lights up! You enjoyed that. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers. They were just sucked into space. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir.

## Heading Number 4 ##

Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Your shields were failing, sir. This should be interesting. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. Travel time to the nearest starbase? Computer, lights up! You enjoyed that. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers. They were just sucked into space. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir.