
Greetings, Emma!

I've been building web sites since 2006, when I taught myself how to write code while stuck in a boring corporate internship during a summer in college, where I eventually graduated with a BFA in Graphic Design. Ever since I first made a web page from nothing but a few text files that I uploaded to a server, I've been hooked. I am passionate about this industry, and I love what I do. Currently, I am in a senior position as a Lead Web Designer (fancy corporate title, right?) at LifeWay. I am proficient in HTML5, CSS/SASS, and graphic design. I've had the opportunity to be the lead on projects in my career as a developer, as a designer, or as both. I seek to fill the role on any given project that best serves my team.

I have been experimenting with responsive design and building responsive web sites since I read Ethan Marcotte's Fluid Grids article in 2009. In my mind all web design is responsive; it's simply the nature of designing and building for the web. While I've used jQuery for years, I firmly believe that you have to know how to write JavaScript in order to use it properly and effectively. I now view SASS as an indispensable tool in my workflow. During my last year working at HCA, I was a developer working with a cheesy programming language called Apache Velocity, building small apps and front end code for our network of 600 web sites (sometimes using APIs in the process, such as YouTube's lovely one). I've also built little experimental apps for fun in CodeIgniter, Rails, and Django, so I'm no stranger to working in an MVC or in a scripting language, particularly in the views. I've never used Backbone, but am somewhat familar with the concept of MVC JavaScript frameworks and have read up on several. I love to learn new things and challenge myself to grow, so learning more about Backbone sounds like fun. I've used SVN for years, but recently started using Git (through GitHub), and I love it.

I follow Geoff Alday on Twitter, and on May 13 he asked if there were any front end web developers looking for a change (https://twitter.com/geoffa/status/329995037922447361), and I most certainly am. I've admired Emma for years...I even applied there straight out of school, though I didn't do so great on my interview (it was a great learning experience though). I have been very unhappy with my company for some time, and I am ready for something new. I want to serve customers really well with the work I do. I want to innovate and build new things and always be iterating and improving on existing work. I want to be challenged to learn new things. I want to work among peers who care about what they do and pursue their work with excellence. And, yeah, I'm pretty tired of sitting in a gray cubicle too.

Thanks for your time, Emma. You're a great listener. I hope to be talking to you soon!
